google.doc = https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a5b1ITJ4ZW4iLMEGx7iP2ZP9cX4ehy4Vbv_wHGe0hHE/edit


Data Track
Data is being generated faster than ever with every click, tap, and swipe on your screen. This track focuses on finding ways to understand and utilizing this data to inform and empower others. 

Community Track
Technology is a powerful platform that can help us identify and address issues of inequality and accessibility within our local and global communities. In choosing this track, you are working to create a solution that assists a community you care about.

Prizes
Azure Champ Prize
Build a project developed using Microsoft Azure that addresses a clear need, problem, or opportunity. Your project should include innovations in technical design and/or implementation of services (e.g., Cognitive Services, Bot Services, IoT Hub, Functions) and/or user experience. Don't forget to define a clear target market or audience! Winners will receive automatic entry in the upcoming Imagine Cup Semi-Finals and two chances to become one of the few elite teams at our regional finals, plus Surface Gos for each team member!

Entrepreneurship Track by AI2 Incubator 
This track is for teams that aspire to be founders of their own (real!) startup one day. Extra points if your project involves the use of A.I. in some capacity. Winning team members will each receive a $500 Visa gift card (up to four)!

Best Use of Xnor's AI2Go SDK - https://ai2go.xnor.ai/home/
The most interesting project that uses our AI2Go SDK in their team's project, will win a Raspberry Pi Computer Vision Starter Kit for each team member!

Best use of Google Cloud - g.co/cloud
Build your hackathon project with a suite of secure storage, powerful compute, and integrated data analytics products provided by Google Cloud. Each winning team member will receive a Google Home Mini.

Best Domain Registered with Domain.com
Register a domain using Domain.com during the weekend. Each team may submit one entry per person on the team. Each winning team member will receive a Domain.com branded backpack.

Best UiPath Automation Hack - https://docs.uipath.com/
Build an automation hack using UiPath! Each winning team member will receive a DROCON Drone & UiPath/MLH Branded Backpack.


Skills
Joshua - 
Swift / iOS Dev, Python, C++, Java
Google Cloud Platform 
App Engine to host flask servers
Speech, Calendar API
Some Firebase + Authenticate with Google
A little bit of Microsoft Azure (to host flask servers like in GCP)
Basic html/css/js

Evelyn
UX & UI Design - Ideation, Wireframe, Prototyping, User Testing
Software: Invision, Figma, Sketch, Adobe Suite
Mostly focused on designing for Mobile and Web, open to other formats!
Visual Design - Branding, Interface Design, Design Strategy
Animation - simple and for showing micro-interactions
Software: After Effects
HTML, CSS, Javascript (mostly for web development, some animation using CSS)
If needed: Project Management

Jennifer - 
R,Python,SQL,Tableau,SPSS
Google Cloud Platform 
VM Instance
ML & AI concepts such as Regressions, Clustering, K-means, Neural Network, Random Forest, Decision Trees, KNN
Basic html

Brainstorm sesh

Entrepreneurial Track with the application of AI

Project idea/description
Target audience
Usefulness + buildability
Monetization factor


